today the little girl was playing Latin
ball with me and do me the little girls
got the ball and I've got the bat it's a
round bat I like this game it's great
fun
the little girl balls are ball like that
and banjo hits the ball by fast and I
catch the ball like this
well not right perfect zactly Oh what
sorry June oh we're playing basketball
it's fun you could make that game much
more fun Umi what was fun
how just then Neville arrived
oh good morning everyone hello little
girl and Neville also knew how to make
the game much more fun if you put a
stick in the ground
the little girl can try to hit it with
her ball and banjo can stand in front of
the stick with his bat and I can try to
bash the ball away to stop it from
hitting the stick that sounds like a
great game let's find a stick
Umi flew after the park to look for a
stick
the little girl looked for one under the
banana tree Anja looked in the bushes
Neville searched by the lake and Juno
went back to sleep every word well Donna
me perfect
the little girl can try to hit that with
her ball I'll make a hole for the stick
to go into Donna's that's no good who me
no good why I've made the hole big
enough for this stick you've made a
round hole new me this stick as a square
end and Gumi tried very hard to fit the
square stick into the round hole it
won't fit
umi doesn't know about shapes I do but
then I'm cleverer than her I heard I
know lots about shapes banjo I know that
Gertie is carrying a square box hello
everyone
this shopping is so heavy that's right
who me
Gertie's shopping box is square and my
bat is round
isn't it Neville yes and so is the
little girl's ball let's carry Gertie
shopping into her house for her and see
if we can find any more shapes in
Gertie's house there was a square table
there was a round mirror on the wall oh
I'm so pretty there was a square picture
a round biscuit Tim I know an important
shape that's missing I'll be back there
was a round clock and a square window
here you are I've been looking for you
Clarence found this round stick floating
on the lake I thought you could use it
for your bat and ball game that's
perfect you know a round stick to go in
a round hole look another shape a
triangle you can play music on it and
while I'm playing it I thought I'd sing
to you because I've got a lovely voice
where did they go with the round stick
in the round hole they gone to play a
new baton ball game which was much more
fun